docs/index.rst, before:

.. molssi_doc_theme documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Thu Mar 15 13:55:56 2018.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Welcome to molssi_doc_theme's documentation!
=========================================================

.. grid:: 1 1 2 2

    .. grid-item-card:: Getting Started
      :margin: 0 3 0 0 
      
      Learn the basics of using ProjectName.

      .. button-link:: ./getting_started.html
         :color: primary
         :outline:
         :expand:

         To the Getting Started Guide

    .. grid-item-card::  User Guide
      :margin: 0 3 0 0
      
      An in-depth guide for users

      .. button-link:: ./user_guide.html
         :color: primary
         :outline:
         :expand:

         To the User Guide

    .. grid-item-card:: API Reference
      :margin: 0 3 0 0
      
      How to use the API of ProjectName.

      .. button-link:: ./api.html
         :color: primary
         :outline:
         :expand:

         To the API Reference.

    .. grid-item-card::  Developer Guide
      :margin: 0 3 0 0
      
      How to contribute to ProjectName

      .. button-link:: ./developer_guide.html
         :color: primary
         :outline:
         :expand:

         To the Developer Guide


.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :hidden:
   :titlesonly:

   getting_started
   user_guide
   api
   developer_guide

Commit message:

customize logo for light and dark theme, sidebars

docs/index.rst, after:

.. molssi_doc_theme documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart on Thu Mar 15 13:55:56 2018.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

Welcome to molssi_doc_theme's documentation!
=========================================================

.. grid:: 1 1 2 2

    .. grid-item-card:: Getting Started
      :margin: 0 3 0 0 
      
      Learn the basics of using molssi_doc_theme.

      .. button-link:: ./getting_started.html
         :color: primary
         :outline:
         :expand:

         To the Getting Started Guide

    .. grid-item-card::  User Guide
      :margin: 0 3 0 0
      
      An in-depth guide for users

      .. button-link:: ./user_guide.html
         :color: primary
         :outline:
         :expand:

         To the User Guide

    .. grid-item-card:: API Reference
      :margin: 0 3 0 0
      
      How to use the API of molssi_doc_theme.

      .. button-link:: ./api.html
         :color: primary
         :outline:
         :expand:

         To the API Reference.

    .. grid-item-card::  Developer Guide
      :margin: 0 3 0 0
      
      How to contribute to molssi_doc_theme

      .. button-link:: ./developer_guide.html
         :color: primary
         :outline:
         :expand:

         To the Developer Guide


.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2
   :hidden:
   :titlesonly:

   getting_started
   user_guide
   api
   developer_guide
